Add results of eql boost without shuffling (#158)
compgeolab/eql-gradient-boosted: manuscript/content.tex

        (a and c)~Pseudo-color maps of the differences between the target grid
        and the interpolated synthetic airborne survey data produced
        gradient-boosted.
        (b and d)~Root-mean squared error of the residuals after each iteration
        of the gradient-boosting algorithm.
}
\label{fig:eql-boost-airborne}
\end{figure*}

With the goal of highlighting the importance of randomizing the order in which
the overlapping windows are iterated, we interpolated the airborne synthetic
survey using the same estimated values for the \emph{damping} and
\emph{depth} but disabling the random shuffling of the windows, iterating over
them in sequential order.
Fig.~\ref{fig:eql-boost-airborne}c shows the differences between the target
grid and the predictions made by the gradient-boosted equivalent sources
without random shuffling the windows.
Fig.~\ref{fig:eql-boost-airborne}d shows the RMS error of the
residuals after each iteration.
These results show how the gradient-boosted equivalent sources underperform by
iterating over the overlapping windows in sequential order: they fail to
produce realistic and accurate predictions while the speed in which the

> algorithm converges is considerable smaller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
algorithm converges is smaller.
```

point that the Jacobian matrices still fit within the available computer
memory.

The results shown in Figs.~\ref{fig:gradient-boosted-comparison}b
and~\ref{fig:gradient-boosted-comparison}d indicate that using
window overlap values between 40\% and 70\% strike a balance between
accuracy and computation time.
This corroborates our initial choice of 50\% overlap, which is good enough for
producing accurate predictions in reasonable times.

Finally, the results in Fig.~\ref{fig:eql-boost-airborne} highlight the

> importance of randomize the order in which the overlapping windows are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
importance of randomizing the order in which the overlapping windows are
```

iterated.

> Running the gradient boosting process by sequentially iterating over the
> overlapping windows produce predictions of considerable lower quality with
> a much smaller convergence rate than the ones obtained by a previous random
> shuffling of the windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the gradient boosting algorithm sequentially produces less accurate 
predictions and decreases the convergence rate.
```

compromise between accuracy and computation time.
The size of the overlapping windows should be chosen as the maximum value
possible that creates Jacobian matrices that still fit into computer memory.
Moreover, randomizing the order in which the overlapping windows are iterated

> is highly recommended to improve the quality of the predictions and increasing
> the convergence rate of the algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is essential to improve the quality of the predictions and increase
the convergence rate of the algorithm.
```
